# express-static-quiz-notes

## Quiz Questions

Answer the following questions in the provided markdown file before turning in this exercise:

- What is the purpose of the Express Static middleware?

The Express Static middleware is used to serve static files, such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, images, etc., from a specified directory. It simplifies the process of serving static content by automatically handling HTTP requests for static files.

- What does `express.static()` return?

Returns a middleware function that can be used with Express to serve static files from the specified directory.

- What are several examples of static files?

Several examples of static files include HTML files, CSS stylesheets, JavaScript files, images (e.g., JPG, PNG, SVG), fonts (e.g., TTF, OTF), and any other files that are not dynamically generated by the server

- What is a good way to serve application images using Express?

A good way to serve application images using Express is to place the images in a directory within your project (e.g., 'public/images') and use the express.static() middleware to serve them. This allows the browser to request the images on demand, improving application startup time and reducing initial download length. Additionally, using absolute paths (starting with '/') in the src attribute of img tags ensures that the browser requests the images correctly

## Notes

All student notes should be written here.

How to write `Code Examples` in markdown

for JS:

```javascript
const data = 'Howdy';
```

for HTML:

```html
<div>
  <p>This is text content</p>
</div>
```

for CSS:

```css
div {
  width: 100%;
}
```
